GRADUATE COURSE DESCRIPTIONSSpring 2021

AAS

Asian & Asian AmericanStudies

AAS 500: Intellectual History of EastAsia

This course examines the major intellectualtraditions of East Asia with an idea thatintellectual movements not only reflect butalso influence historical developments. Itis designed to help students enhance theirunderstanding of East Asian thoughts, history,
and culture. Topics will cover the intellectualmovements in China, Japan, and Korea fromancient times to the early 20th century.

3 credits, Letter graded (A, A-, B+, etc.)



AAS 501: Proseminar: Topics &
Methods in Contemporary Asian andAsian American Studies

This course introduces students to qualitativeand quantitative research methodscommonly used in social sciences andhumanities, including narrative research,
phenomenological research, ethnographicresearch, case study research, correlationalresearch, and survey research. Students areexpected to identify a topic of interest of theirown choosing within Contemporary Asianand Asian American Students and develop apilot research project. The instructor plays therole of a facilitator by leading methodologicalas well as thematic discussions on researchtopics initiated by students. This course takesthe formats of lectures, workshops, studentpresentations, peer critique, and one-on-oneinstructor-student conferences.

3 credits, Letter graded (A, A-, B+, etc.)



AAS 505: The Pacific, Travel andEmpire

This cultural studies course examines thecultures of travel (i.e. fiction, memoirs,
photography , and filmmaking) in narrativesby and about the Pacific, South and SoutheastAsia. We will student 多empire多 by analyzingnarratives about the former colonies of Spain,
France, Britain and the United States. As wediscuss the metaphors or tropes of empire,
we will also examine the concept of empireas a historical and contemporary formation,
or what an empire meant in the 19th centuryand what is means today in the early 21stcentury. The course begins with the premisethat travel narratives and modern visualculture illuminate the relationship between theviolence and romance of travel. The courseincludes modern travel narratives (i.e. novelsby Asian Americans) that focus on the livesof those who are forced to travel or migratedue to civil war, poverty and/or economicinstability.

3 credits, Letter graded (A, A-, B+, etc.)



AAS 534: English in Asia

Study of the expanding roles of English inSouth Asia, East Asia, and Southeast Asia.
With more non-native speakers than nativespeakers, and more in Asia than elsewhere,
English has acquired new identities. Wewill study functions of English in colonialand post-colonial times; how it competeswith, and complements local languages inbusiness, advertising, media, education,
research, administration, judiciary, creativeliterature, call centers, and on the Internet; theevolution of dynamic new Asian Englishes,
such as Indian English, and their social andcultural contexts; controversies regardingEnglish medium education and its impacton local languages, relevance of nativeEnglish standards, and implications fortheory, description, and method in diversedisciplines, such as, business communication,
cultural studies, English, lexicography,
speech recognition, journalism, media studies,
sociolinguistics, teaching English as a secondlanguage, and Asian Studies.

3 credits, Letter graded (A, A-, B+, etc.)



AAS 540: Inter-Asia Cultural Studies

This course is an examination of the criticaltheory on Inter-Asia cultures and phenomena.
Emphasis is placed on the role of culturewithin the writing, documentation, andevidencing of history. Attention may befocused on a particular era, group, institution,
type of object, or event.

3 credits, Letter graded (A, A-, B+, etc.)



AAS 545: Acquisition of AsianLanguages

This course will analyze the cognitiveprocesses involved in the acquisition of Asianlanguages as second or foreign languages.
We will start with discussion of first languageacquisition and compare it with secondlanguage acquisition (SLA). Methodologiessuch as contrastive analysis and error analysis,
and concepts such as interlanguage, native andnon-native competence, bilingual competence,
acceptability, correctness, standard languagewill be critically examined. We will alsoconsider the variables that affect SLA,
including age, context, exposure, attitude,
cognition, attention and motivation. Specialattention will be given to the applicability ofcurrent research paradigms and findings tothe acquisition of languages such as Chinese,
Japanese, Korean, and Hindi, both in termsof their structural characteristics and in theirsocio-cultural context.

3 credits, Letter graded (A, A-, B+, etc.)



AAS 547: Directed Reading inContemporary Asian and AsianAmerican Studies

This course provides an opportunity forgraduate students in Contemporary Asian andAsian American Studies to pursue readingsin an area of their interest as part of theirgraduate program studies. Independentreadings in graduate topics in ContemporaryAsian and Asian American studies. May berepeated. Prerequisites: Approval by Directorof Graduate Studies

1-6 credits, Letter graded (A, A-, B+, etc.)

May be repeated for credit.



AAS 555: Heritage Languages of AsianAmericans

English has long been the dominant languageused in the United States, while the languagesof numerous indigenous and immigrantcommunities have declined and manyhave died. At the same time, the UnitedStates多 extensive global role, the risinggeopolitical rise of Asian powers, such asChina, India, Japan, South Korean, and othershas highlighted the need to foster greaterAsian language and cultural skills amongAmericans. In that context, maintainingthe existing diversity of languages spokenamong American immigrant populationsbecomes as important and effective asteaching the languages to new populations.
There is an increasing recognition that theadvantages of such multilingualism are notonly cultural, but also cognitive, diplomatic,
security, commercial, social, and politicalas well. Retaining knowledge of the homelanguage is found to promote the minorityindividuals多 psychological well-being,
facilitate communication and bonding acrossgenerations, and ease the process of adjustingto life away from the home country, whilepromoting a pluralistic outlook and providingglobally valuable job skills. Still, the bruntof the actual effort to foster multilingualismhas been left to individual families despite theknown fact that parental effort at maintenancealone are not enough to prevent an eventualshift to English. This new course is a criticalexamination of the nature and extent ofavailable support (institutional, social, family,
and other) for maintaining this valuableresource of Asian immigrants languages.
Students learn through through in-depthreadings, class lectures and discusssions, anddirected research in language communities oftheir choice.

3 credits, Letter graded (A, A-, B+, etc.)



WST 701: Dissertation Research offCampus-InternationalPrerequisite: Must be advanced to candidacy(G5). Major portion of research will takeplace outside of the United States and/orU.S. provinces. Domestic students have theoption of the health plan and may also enrollin MEDEX. International students who arein their home country are not covered bymandatory health plan and must contact theInsurance Office for the insurance charge tobe removed. International students who arenot in their home country are charged for themandatory health insurance. If they are to becovered by another insurance plan they mustfile a waiver by the second week of classes.The charge will only be removed if otherplan is deemed comparable. All internationalstudents must have received clearance from anInternational Advisor. Semesters offered: Fall,Spring, 1-9 credits, S/U gradingMay be repeated for credit.WST 800: Summer ResearchMay be repeated for credit. Semesters offered:SummerS/U gradingMay be repeated 1 times FOR credit.WST 850: Summer TeachingStony Brook University Graduate Bulletin: www.stonybrook.edu/gradbulletin224GRADUATE COURSE DESCRIPTIONSSpring 2021May be repeated for credit Semesters Offered:SummerS/U gradingMay be repeated 1 times FOR credit.Stony Brook University Graduate Bulletin: www.stonybrook.edu/gradbulletin225